The family of a "dead" soldier who returned from captivity will be obliged to pay "posthumous" financial aid
the Russians attacked Sloviansk with aerial bombs: a child and his mother were killed, 14 people were injured
Lisovyi confirmed that Poplavsky is no longer the head of KNUKiM - his contract has expired
Abroad, he joined the SZCH, and then wanted to return to the army. How to do it so as not to go to jail
The Ukrainian military confirms the successes of the Armed Forces in the Gulyaipil direction: The enemy's information is true
"Misprint". The US Ministry of Justice explained why in the new "Epstein files" the date of his death did not coincide with the official
KMDA will pay 40,000 hryvnias each to the owners of housing damaged due to accidents on engineering networks
"Yes, I'm tough, but I'm a director." The founder of the Theater of Military Actions commented on a video where he scolds veterans
Can the families of a "deceased" soldier who returned from captivity receive "posthumous" monetary benefits? A lawyer's answer
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs cannot confirm the Ukrainian citizenship of the Haitian from Crimea, who was deported from Kazakhstan to the Russian Federation
Allies have pledged to buy more than 4.5 billion dollars worth of weapons from the US for Ukraine - the US ambassador to NATO
OLX told how the housing market on the left bank of Kyiv changed after the shelling of the thermal power plant
Lubinets commented on the words of his representative about the return of "posthumous" payments for a surviving soldier: There were no decisions
Macron encourages Europeans to resume dialogue with Russia regarding the war in Ukraine
The wounded soldier was captured by the Russians and convinced them to surrender. This is what he said after his return
An emigration gate full of CATHARTICUS and an unexpected LAUD fanbase. How was the national selection for "Eurovision-2026"
"Eurovision is a meat grinder." KHAYAT about the National Selection, Jamala, Tina Karol and the Arabic language | SugarSukrMuz
Boarding schools are a trap. Why the system of institutional care in Ukraine degrades dignity and how to change it
"When the man was captured, the son was a meter tall. And now - meter seventy." Report from the first exchange in five months
He sang the national anthem of Ukraine during the evacuation: the story of the "Charter" officer who led the first assault group on Kupyansk
"They will tell me to go into the fire - I will go." A rescuer who was injured by shelling on January 9 has been in intensive care for 26 days
The boys flee from the occupation to Kyiv, escaping from summonses. Otherwise, Russia will punish them as "evaders"
"We need to get together with everyone in order to "blow up" more heat." How are the residents of Kharkiv surviving, where a state of emergency was declared
"When the light goes out, it's a deadly danger for patients." Report from the Heart Institute
How to provide 100% heat in Kyiv
Museum in the dark "03:00": how blind guides conduct tours, prepare coffee and destroy stereotypes
Louis Vuitton, BMW and real estate: what the families of suspected deputies bought
From "gas princess" to "village teacher". Social psychologist Oleg Pokalchuk about the image of Tymoshenko and the current case
"Russia answered us at night on the proposal when there will be peace." What does the "Oreshnik" strike mean and how the peace talks come to a dead end
The future is in the hands of female leaders. Why is it important to involve women in political processes and making important decisions
How much will prices rise and whether the Ukrainian economy will survive the energy famine
Ukrainian seaports are on fire. Will it be possible to export the goods and what will happen to the prices of the products
A year of action and influence. Hromadske final special project
Winter, life and wonder. Warm Christmas 2025 from hromadske
The invisible part. How the Esculab laboratory network works from the inside
In intensive care after icicle. A soot shaker and a climber save from icicles / hromadske
After the front: how Interpipe helps military personnel return to life
"Delivery of a fairy tale": how "Nova Poshta" creates winter magic on the road
A single digital standard: how "Transparent Construction 2.0" minimizes corruption
"I opened the scenes with my voice." LELÉKA on Eurovision, depression, social media and Germans
About the revival of "Dead Rooster", the book about "The Viper Brothers", a duet with Khrystyna Solova and heady poetry: Yuriy Roketskyi
"Worst-case scenarios" for families of children with disabilities in Kyiv — have they been considered?
Could Kyiv have better prepared for the energy crisis provoked by the shelling
How does the cold affect us and what to do about it?

