A bank employee in Kyiv "leaked" the personal data of military customers to Russia - the SBU
Russian troops attacked Ukraine with 11 missiles and 149 drones: there were hits
The wounded soldier was captured by the Russians and convinced them to surrender. This is what he said after his return
Two dozen hectares of forest near Kyiv, on which Victor Medvedchuk built a summer house, were returned to the state
Britain to set up command center to control Russian 'shadow fleet' - Sunday Times
"Regional" Yefremov received a Russian passport and lives in Moscow - "Schemes"
The defense forces struck the composition of the Russians and destroyed 6,000 FPV drones — General Staff
The defense forces cleared Chugunivka in the Kharkiv region from the Russians and installed the state flag in the village
In Khmelnytskyi, a woman placed hidden cameras near military facilities at the behest of the Russian Federation - SBU
Attack on Burshtynska TPP: water and heat supply is being restored in Prykarpattia
The head of the special service of Latvia: Russia is recruiting people with a criminal past to carry out sabotage
In Spain, railway workers began a three-day strike after fatal accidents
In the Taganroz pre-trial detention center, Victoria Roshchyna tried to cut her veins in front of the guards so that a psychologist would be brought to her - an exploded
An emigration gate full of CATHARTICUS and an unexpected LAUD fanbase. How was the national selection for "Eurovision-2026"
"Eurovision is a meat grinder." KHAYAT about the National Selection, Jamala, Tina Karol and the Arabic language | SugarSukrMuz
Boarding schools are a trap. Why the system of institutional care in Ukraine degrades dignity and how to change it
"When the man was captured, the son was a meter tall. And now - meter seventy." Report from the first exchange in five months
He sang the national anthem of Ukraine during the evacuation: the story of the "Charter" officer who led the first assault group on Kupyansk
"They will tell me to go into the fire - I will go." A rescuer who was injured by shelling on January 9 has been in intensive care for 26 days
The boys flee from the occupation to Kyiv, escaping from summonses. Otherwise, Russia will punish them as "evaders"
There are no cease-fire agreements. Zelenskyi about Putin's invitation to Kyiv, negotiations and prisoners
"We need to get together with everyone in order to "blow up" more heat." How are the residents of Kharkiv surviving, where a state of emergency was declared
"When the light goes out, it's a deadly danger for patients." Report from the Heart Institute
How to provide 100% heat in Kyiv
Museum in the dark "03:00": how blind guides conduct tours, prepare coffee and destroy stereotypes
Louis Vuitton, BMW and real estate: what the families of suspected deputies bought
From "gas princess" to "village teacher". Social psychologist Oleg Pokalchuk about the image of Tymoshenko and the current case
"Russia answered us at night on the proposal when there will be peace." What does the "Hazelnut" strike mean and how the peace talks reach a dead end
The future is in the hands of female leaders. Why is it important to involve women in political processes and making important decisions
How much will prices rise and whether the Ukrainian economy will survive the energy famine
Ukrainian seaports are on fire. Will it be possible to export the goods and what will happen to the prices of the products
A year of action and influence. Hromadske final special project
Winter, life and wonder. Warm Christmas 2025 from hromadske
The invisible part. How the Esculab laboratory network works from the inside
In intensive care after icicle. A soot shaker and a climber save from icicles / hromadske
After the front: how Interpipe helps military personnel return to life
"Delivery of a fairy tale": how "Nova Poshta" creates winter magic on the road
A single digital standard: how "Transparent Construction 2.0" minimizes corruption
"I opened the scenes with my voice." LELÉKA on Eurovision, depression, social media and Germans
About the revival of "Dead Rooster", the book about "The Viper Brothers", a duet with Khrystyna Solova and heady poetry: Yuriy Roketskyi
"Worst-case scenarios" for families of children with disabilities in Kyiv — have they been considered?
Could Kyiv have better prepared for the energy crisis provoked by the shelling
How does the cold affect us and what to do about it?

